---
title: 'Part 1'
---

::comic-image
---
src: images/minus/part-1/minus1.jpg
height: 1618
width: 1200
---
1. Title panel, reading "minus." (stylized lowercase). minus is a young girl with short hair and a cowlick in a school uniform. She's reaching for a ball on the ground.
2. minus throws the ball into the air.
3. Two bullies watch minus playing. The first one says, "Hey, that's the new student playing there, right? Let's go “join” her. heh heh heh..." The second bully says, "Heh heh heh heh"
4. minus chases after the ball, which has come down and bounced away.
5. minus is startled as the first bully catches the ball. He says, "Got it!"
6. minus holds her arms out for the ball, saying, "Thank you." The bully says, "No problem!" but holds the ball up behind himself.
7. The first bully shouts, "Here you go!" and forcefully throws the ball at minus. It hits her in the head and she falls, while the second bully catches it.
8. Both bullies share a speech bubble, which reads, "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!" minus lays on the ground, possibly injured and/or crying.
9. minus remains on the ground. The second bully still holds the ball. He says, "Haha! You see her face? “Thank you,” she said... then WHAM! Hahaha!" Behind him, a root has burst up from the ground.
10. The root grows, sprouting some tiny leaves. It wraps around the second bully's leg and taps him on the back of the head. He looks worried as he asks, "Hm?"
11. The second bully shouts, "AA!" as the roots grow further, wrapping around his leg, arm, and neck. The first bully yells, "Hey! What's happening to you!?" and is unaware of some roots growing toward him. minus sits up, rubbing her head.
12. The first bully shouts, "AA!" as the roots wrap around his shoulder and tap him on the back of the head.
13. A zoomed-out view of the scene. Both bullies are wrapped up in the roots, which have turned into trees. The second bully drops the ball, yelling, "AAAA!!" The first bully shouts, "Help!" minus stands between the trees.
14. The ball rolls and comes to a stop right near minus. She looks unfazed by everything.
15. minus returns to happily playing with the ball, throwing it in the air.
::
